Update readme with automated deploy instructions (#1135)
Automattic/wc-calypso-bridge: README.md

## Deployment

### Automated Deployment

We now have a series of scripts that will help with automating the release process. To use these scripts, do the following.

> 1. Run `npm install` in the project root to make sure all dependencies are installed at the project level and in the `./scripts` folder.

Reviewer: Should we run `nvm use` first?

Author: That's a good point. I'm used to the setup where `nvm` automatically switches versions by looking at the `.nvmrc` but probably not everyone has that configuration.

I'll make the update.

1. Run `npm run bump-version` in the project root. This will increment the project version and create a git commit.

> 1. Run `node scripts/commands/readme.js` in the project root. This will prompt you to select the commits that are part of this release. The commit log messages will be automatically added to the [changelog](readme.txt) and committed.

Reviewer: Should we checkout  a working branch first? Otherwise we're going to end up (auto)committing changes to the `trunk/master` branch.

Author: The bump-version command automatically creates a new branch.

> 1. Run `npm run bump-version` in the project root. This will increment the project version and create a git commit.
> 1. Run `node scripts/commands/readme.js` in the project root. This will prompt you to select the commits that are part of this release. The commit log messages will be automatically added to the [changelog](readme.txt) and committed.
> 1. Manually create a new PR with the updated version and change log.
> 1. Once that PR is approved and merged, run `npm run create-release`. Follow the prompts to do a build, create a new release tag, and deploy the release tag.

Reviewer: Can we use human-friendly numbering so we aren't dependent on GitHub's rendering?
```suggestion
2. Run `npm run bump-version` in the project root. This will increment the project version and create a git commit.
3. Run `node scripts/commands/readme.js` in the project root. This will prompt you to select the commits that are part of this release. The commit log messages will be automatically added to the [changelog](readme.txt) and committed.
4. Manually create a new PR with the updated version and change log.
5. Once that PR is approved and merged, run `npm run create-release`. Follow the prompts to do a build, create a new release tag, and deploy the release tag.
```
